# Project 12

### Instructions

Select vision for your website.  Consider the following ideas.

* Commercial website for a friend or family
* Start your own business
* Create a site to honor your heroes
* Capture amusing things on the internet and curate them for your readers
* Teach skills on your site
* Publish information that is available from other sites
* Create a newsfeed for some special area of interest
* Build a site for a non-profit you wish to support
* Create a meeting place for people interested in a topic
* Write a journal of your experiences
* Voice your opinions and ideas
* Record videos on YouTube and create a guide page

Document your vision for the project. Create a one page summary of what
you expect to produce. Create a "README.md" file in your git repo to capture
this information.

Document your project plan.  What do you need to learn? What steps will you
need to complete?

Every site tells a story. What is your story?  How will your pages help you
tell the story.

Create pages with navigation, page layout, and style.  Make sure the pages
you create all validate.

Post your content at "bacs200/project/index.html" on your site.


### Review Requirements

The design reviewers will test for the following ten requirements.

* Project goals & plan
    - Does this page meet the project goals from the instructions?
    - Are the goals documented in the "README.md" file in your git repo?
    - Is there a documented plan?

* 5 Pages with Menu
    - Are there at least 5 pages on the website?
    - Does the URL "bacs200/project/index.html" return the home page?
    - Is there a menu that goes across all of the pages?

* Story line
    - What is this site about?
    - Is there a clear audience for this site?
    - Can people find what they are looking for?

* Business contribution
    - Is the business goal for the site clear from reading the pages?
    - Does the message support the business goal?

* Valid HTML & CSS & Links
    - Do all pages validate (HTML & CSS & Links)?
    - Use all three validators

* Collaboration with External Links
    - Are there links to other sites?
    - Do these references enhance the usefulness of this site?
    - Do the external links invite collaboration?

* Professional Styling
    - Does the style look professional?
    - Would a hiring manager be pleased?

* Version Control (at least 10 commits)
    - Does the designer use the version control properly?
    - Are there several commits over the last week?

* Would you pay for this work?
    - If this page were for a client would they pay for it?
    - Would a client be pleased with the work?

* Best in group
    - Is this best of the pages you reviewed?
